Now that we've got a better idea of how fields work inside of a class, let's discuss how they work
when we are dealing with inheritance as we are with our class car down here.
I'm going to uncomment everything in the bottom half of this file right here.
And as soon as I do, you'll notice that we get an error around the new car call right here.
So here's the issue.
Our class car extends vehicle.
Any time we create an instance of something that is a vehicle, we have to provide it a color or a string
to use as the color.
So the reason we're seeing this error right here is that we have to pass in a string that will serve
as the color.
So we could fix up this error by putting a string in like red like so.
And as soon as we do that, the error goes away.
I want to show you something interesting right now.
Our class car does not have a constructor function.
That means that whenever we try to create an instance of car, TypeScript is going to automatically
call the constructor in the parent function right here.
So even though you don't see any reference to it, whenever we create this car right here, the constructor
in the parent is being called for us automatically.
And that's why we have to pass in that string.
Things are going to be just a little bit different if we define the constructor inside of class car
as well.
So let's try that right now.
I'm going to define the constructor function side of car and I'm going to say that this thing is going
to have its own property like, let's say, public wheels.
And this will be maybe like the number of wheels that a car has.
So I'm going to annotate with the type of number like so.
Now, as soon as I define this constructor, you'll notice a nasty air inside of here.
And if I hover over it, it says that the derive class must contain a super call.
The word super right here is a reference to the superclass or the parent class of car, which is vehicle.
So whenever we call the constructor of a child class, we are required to call the constructor method
of the parent as well.
To do so, all we have to do is call super like so.
As soon as we do so, we're still going to see an error here.
So super right here is a reference to the constructor method in the parent.
And once again, the constructor and the parent wants us to pass in a string so we can make this go
away once again by putting in some hardcoded string like so.
But chances are we don't want to do that.
Chances are we want to have the colour still come in as an argument to our car when we create it.
So maybe we should take in a second argument to the constructor function.
That will call color and it's supposed to be a string like so.
Notice how I did not put the public keyword on here.
I didn't put public on because we do not want to reassign or create a new field in car of color.
The field color belongs to vehicle.
So that's why I did not put on the modifier of public.
So now when we call the parent class constructor through the super call right here, we're not going
to pass in a hard coded red.
Instead, we could pass in the color.
If we now go back down to the bottom of the file once more, you'll see we've got an error down here
again.
So now we are saying that our constructor for CAR has to be given a number of wheels as the first argument
and a second argument of a string.
So we can fix up this error by putting in four wheels as the first argument.
And now the second argument is going to be a string, which is going to pass on through the constructor
right here into the parent constructor of vehicle.
And that's pretty much it.
Now I know we're going through this class stuff really quickly.
The reason we're going through it so quickly is that basically all the projects we're going to work
on in this course are 100% focused on using classes to represent logic inside of our application.
So really, I'm just showing you all this class stuff right now to get you used to some of the very
basic syntax.
And we're going to really repeat all these different rules that we're going over in great detail throughout
all these applications we go through.
So hopefully you're just absorbing a little bit of the syntax here.
That's really the only expectation I have.
Now, having said all that, this is really all we wanted to learn about classes.
So we've taken a look at methods, constructors, basic inheritance, super calls, modifiers.
That's pretty much it, the whole ball game.
So let's have a quick pause right here.
We're going to do a wrap up on classes in the next video and we'll start working on some really interesting
applications.
So I'll see you in just a minute.